# Add new devices to a provisioning profile while using Xcode 8 managed signing

Xcode 8 introduced [managed code signing](https://possiblemobile.com/2016/06/code-signing-xcode-8/), which automatically generates the App IDs, signing certificates, and provisioning profiles you'd usually need to set up manually for your app. One thing that isn't automatic is how it handles new devices being added to your account within the Apple Developer Portal, when they are added your managed provisioning profile is not automatically updated to include them.

Luckily if you delete your managed provisioning profile and let Xcode repair it, it will create a new provisioning profile which does include any new devices you have added in the dev portal. More detailed instructions on how to do this are here:

1. Browse to [developer.apple.com](https://developer.apple.com), sign in, and add the UUIDs for your new devices
1. In Xcode, open up Preferences > Accounts, and select your Apple ID and Team, then click "View Details"
1. Right click and select "Move to Trash" on the provisioning profile matching the one automatically generated by Xcode (it's name should be something like "iOS Team Provisioning Profile: [your app identifier]")
1. Shut down and restart Xcode
1. Browse to your project's general settings - you should see your Provisioning Profile rebuilding
1. Once the provisioning profile has been rebuilt, your new devices should be included in it!
1. You can verify that your new UUIDs have definitely been included in the Provisioning Profile by clicking on the info icon next to the Provisioning Profile's name, and dragging the icon of the Provisioning Profile onto your desktop. This will copy the `.mobileprovision` file to your desktop, which you can then open using your favourite text editor. Look for the `<ProvisionedDevices>` key, and you should see the UUIDs you added earlier to the dev console included in its value array.
1. Rebuild/redistribute your app, and you're good to go!
